hey everyone welcome Tom oar and today
I'm in the hospital so I just wanted to
do a blog I guess just to let you guys
know that I'm doing okay um I ended up
being confined here for five days now
and i lost my gallbladder so they took
Michael my gallbladder out and going to
show you guys this kind of girls so
we're just kind of pretend um for those
of you guys we're asking i'm doing a lot
better a little exhausted still in pain
it's got to take me a few more weeks to
recuperate but definitely doing a lot
better still have my IV on you know
where they put all the pain killers and
the antibiotics over and i'm going to be
released today this is my birthday my
sixth day yeah so um i'm not going to
keep track of days good to stay with me
thursday friday saturday and i think
it's my fifth day for thick can I go
into sick putting stuff maybe one day
there will you see me today and
oh boy I do well their bikes and along
with pain medications in South Bend and
so I guess that's pretty much it come
process it was okay nothing too exciting
that one had to eat every morning and I
had to do this breathing exercises sound
like a deep breathing exercises is of
the anesthetics that was given to me
during her surgery wanting to get rid of
it my mom said that catch pneumonia so I
have to God to disapproving exercises
and there's only get Tricia
have to be in the bottle
it's over there
you know when show you guys my incision
but i'll show you guys my puke bottle
but i have to pee in a bottle so anyway
thank you for the city has been asking
and
but not I thought it's just the right to
be Emma I thought it's just going to be
another allergic we had a reaction or
one of my allergic bronchospasm so they
turned out to be my very very infected
gallbladder and they had to run a little
bit soon like I said I'm doing so much
better just give me a couple more weeks
to recuperate and hopefully I'll be back
on my feet making more videos and until
then you know just keep commenting and
I'll keep sending our love and I do love
you all I miss you all and I will chat
or you know bait your comments soon so
until then have a good one